Better define cookie deletion algorithm (#4)
yoavweiss/delete-cookie: draft-deletecookie-weiss-http.md

The Delete-Cookie response header is a Structured Field {{STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} List of strings.
Each string represents a cookie {{COOKIES}} name to be deleted.

> A user agent that receives a Delete-Cookie response header MUST process it before any Set-Cookie headers received as part of the same response.

Reviewer: Precision here will need to wait for 6265tre, I suppose, but you'll want to come up with a way of saying that this happens before step 15 of https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#http-network-fetch. You could, for example, just add that as a note here. :)

When receiving a Delete-Cookie response header, for each string `name` in the List, the user agent MUST do the following:

1) For each cookie in the user agent's cookie store whose name is `name`, and domain domain-matches {{COOKIES}} the canonicalized request-host {{COOKIES}}:
   1) If the cookie's host-only-flag is true and the cookie's domain is not the canoicalized request-host, continue.

>    1) Delete cookie from the user agent's cookie store.

Reviewer: I'd expect something kinda like the following rough sketch:

> When a user agent receives a response containing a `Delete-Cookie` header field, the user agent MUST:
>
> 1.  Let `host` be the canonicalized host name of the response's URL. 
> 1.  Let `parsed` be the result of parsing the header's value as a List, as per {{RFC8941}}, Section 4.2.1.
> 1.  If parsing fails, return without touching the cookie store.
> 1.  For each `name` in `parsed`:
>     1.  ISSUE: What do you want to do if the item's type isn't String? Skip it and continue to the next? Fail parsing? Crash the browser?
>     1.  ISSUE: What do you want to do with parameters? Ignore them?
>     1.  Let `matching cookies` be the set of cookies from the user agent's cookie store that meet all the following requirements:
>         *   The cookie's `name` is `name`.
>         *   Either of the following is `true`:
>             *   The cookie's `host-only-flag` is `true`, and the cookie's `domain` is identical to `host`.
>             *   The cookie's `host-only-flag` is `false`, and the cookie's `domain` domain-matches `host`, as per {{COOKIES}}, Section 5.1.3.
>     1.  For each `cookie` in `matching cookies`:
>         1.  Remove `cookie` from the user agent's cookie store.

Some other thoughts:

* Do you want to accept `Delete-Cookie` headers over non-secure connections? I'd suggest that you'd ideally punt out of the algorithm above for plaintext connections. If you have reason not to do that, add something about the `secure-only-flag` in the matching requirements to sure that non-secure sites can't remove secure site's cookies.
* It might be helpful to note somewhere that cookies with empty names can be removed via empty string (e.g. `Delete-Cookie: ""`).
* Likewise, adding a note in prose about the scoping, the impact of `__Host-`, etc. would be helpful, as not everyone reading this will think in algorithms.
* Also, noting that this should remove all cookies with a given name, regardless of path or domain shadowing (or any other flag: httponly, expiration, etc), could remove ambiguity.

Author: Thanks!! Revamped!

The Delete-Cookie response header is a Structured Field {{STRUCTURED-FIELDS}} List of strings.
Each string represents a cookie {{COOKIES}} name to be deleted.

A user agent that receives a Delete-Cookie response header MUST process it before any Set-Cookie headers received as part of the same response.

*Note:* The relevant processing needs to happen before step 15 of the [network fetch](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#http-network-fetch) algorithm.

When receiving a Delete-Cookie response header, the user agent MUST:

> 1. If the response was not delivered over a secure channel {{COOKIES}}, return.

Reviewer: Nit: To match the language in rfc6265:

```suggestion
1. If the response was not delivered over a "secure" connection (as defined by the user agent) {{COOKIES}}, return.
```

> 1. If the response was not delivered over a secure channel {{COOKIES}}, return.

Reviewer: Nit: To match the language in rfc6265:

```suggestion
1. If the response was not delivered over a "secure" connection (as defined by the user agent) {{COOKIES}}, return.
```

1. Let `host` be the canonicalized response URL's host name.
1. Let `parsed` be the result of parsing the header's value as a List, as per {{STRUCTURED-FIELDS}}, Section 4.2.1.
1. If parsing fails, return.
1. For each `name` in `parsed`:
   1. If `name` is not a String {{STRUCTURED-FIELDS}}, continue.

>         *Note:* The above ignores any parameters in the header's value List.

Reviewer: Nit: I feel like the spacing of all the notes in this section is somewhat inconsistent. Have you checked the output?

Author: Yeah. They *seem* fine..

   1. Let `matching cookies` be the set of cookies from the user agent's cookie store that meet all the following requirements:
      1. The cookie's name is `name`.

>       *Note:* This ensures that cookies with an empty name can be deleted using the empty string. It also ensures that multiple cookies with the same name (and different paths, domains or other attributes) will all be deleted.

Reviewer: I'd suggest putting this into a example section in the intro or something rather than a note here, but I certainly wouldn't block on that.

Author: Thanks! I think I can add an example section as a followup
